what's up everyone the 786 10 and today
we have some yu-gi-oh news the sneak
preview has been out for galactic
Overlord and it is going to be on May
fifth and six the courses this year the
school creepy card is no Lynette I
guitars are two tours I get to touch me
on so much kind of hard to pronounce
card I don't know hopefully I'm not
slaughtering today but knowing me i
can't pronounce cards very good so more
likely i just killed the name so sorry
for that anyway though and this is a
normal monster belief or not it's pretty
cool to live is no mustard see light
warrior low for 1810 1800 offense and
not too bad because you could use this
with a rescue rabbit i believe yeah
maybe we'll see some kind of a warrior
rabbit stew voice down a rabbit who
knows i mean there are some great
warrior exceeds out there like we're
going to get excalibur soon and there's
all kinds of other one so yeah the
artworks really knots on this one the
pictures kind of small for now we'll get
a better picture of course soon also it
has a lot of texts in it so yeah anyway
what it says is no one shall ever known
the truth behind that face full day a
guitarist went forth um where the
enchanted sword didn't lay twas the
first of many feet so great a legend
through and through we sing of him I
guitars the Noble and brave from the
tales of the noble knights that's kind
of cool it's kind of hard to read too
it's kind of like it seems like it's in
that old english whenever you're kind of
reading it I almost like it's a song or
poem or something like that whatever
pretty cool though I like how they're
going with us I love normal musters
because they always kind of give a back
story to the card I wish we had more
backstories different cards so yeah at
least I want you guys thing about this
card I think it's gonna be pretty
interesting can't wait of course I gotta
get a place of this card I'm a knight
it's a night so yeah Cybernet needs this
card but why couldn't I nig MIT
cybernetic 610 we need a card name that
so come on come on me listen to this
video anyway though please say what you
guys think of course and please so I
Colonel in to sneak preview I'm going to
try to at least pick up some packs rooms
me preview if I don't make any videos
there but we'll have to see we never
know what's gonna go on in May so anyway
thanks for watching you guys and later
hey guys the siren at 86 from zero
thanks for watching my latest video
please subscribe and check out my
facebook page stabbed at on everything
you do later guys